## Mentor Hints for Week 3 Graded Quiz
Question 1
Make sure you are using the appropriate variables to address this question.
Question 2
It might help to color-code your graph for “Test Name.”
Question 3
It might help to color-code your graph for “Test Name.”
Question 4
Please check whether you are examining the correct variables or applying an inappropriate aggregation.
Question 5
Please see Lesson 5 Dashboards and Story Points to review how to use date fields in Tableau. 
Pay close attention to the consequences of treating dates as dimensions or measures.
Question 6
Please see Practice Exercise 2 of this week to review how to use Tableau to answer this question.
Question 7
Check that you are using the correct aggregations, and try using the table calculation techniques described in 
Week 3’s Practice Exercise 3 to arrive at your answer.
Question 8
Check that you are using the correct aggregations, and try using the table calculation techniques described in
Week 3’s Practice Exercise 3 to arrive at your answer.
Question 9
Try it for yourself to learn the correct answer!
Question 10
Try it for yourself to learn the correct answer!
Question 11
Refer to Lessons 4 Table Calculations and Parameters and Lesson 5 Dashboards and 
Story Points to review the material relevant to this question.
Question 12
Refer to Lessons 4 Table Calculations and Parameters and Lesson 5 Dashboards and Story Points to review 
the material relevant to this question, or try it yourself!

Quiz 3# 
1. Use the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set provided in this course for this quiz.In the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, 
the greatest drop offs of test-takers occur after a subcategory of tests is completed rather than while the subcategories of tests 
are still in progress. T/F

2. In the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, after which game is the drop-off of completed tests the greatest?

3. If you remove all the entries associated with Shih Tzu dogs that weigh 190 pounds from the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, 
how many different sequences of tests were administered to customers in the data that are left?

4. During which day of the week do customers play Dognition games the most?

5. During which month in the data set were the most tests completed?

6. After adjusting the time stamps of the tests completed by United States users provided in the “Created At” field of 
the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set for time zone differences, during which hour of the day do Dognition customers 
play the most amount of games?

7.In the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, approximately what percentage of users who begin taking the 
Dognition Assessment complete 20 tests?

8.In the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, what percentage of users who begin taking the Dognition Assessment 
using a “Free Start” promotion complete 20 tests?

9.Using the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, if you make a table using the “Dog ID” and “Test Name” variables on the rows shelf, 
and Created At on the Text property of the Marks card, which of the following might be a value you would see in 
the column farthest to the right, if the “Created At” pill was blue and read SECOND(Created At)?

10. Question 10: If you were writing a calculation to rank each test a dog completed by its time stamp in
the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set, what would be missing from the following version of your rank table 
calculation: RANK(([Created At]),'asc')

11. You are writing a calculation to rank each test a dog completed by its time stamp in the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set. 
You’ve configured your table calculation so that “Dog ID” and “Test Name” are in the Partitioning field 
and “Second Created” is in the Addressing field. The resulting rank will:

12.You are writing a calculation to include a column in a table that ranks each test a human user completed
by its time stamp in the dognition_data_no_aggregation data set. You put this column directly to the left of the column you made 
to rank each test a dog completed by its time stamp. The following field(s) will go in the 
Partitioning field in the calculation configuration page in your new calculation meant to rank each test a human user completed: 
(check all that apply)
 
