# Mentor Hints for Week 4 Graded Quiz
Question 1
Please watch The Storyboarding Hourglass video for a review of the hourglass model.
--> Begin and end your presentation with motivating context

Commentary:
So, "motivation context" means "big picture". That was something I was missing the first time.
This was not why I selected the above statement though. I selected the statement because of this picture.

Surround the presentation with "motivating context". When something is surrounded by another thing, it has that thing at the beginning
and the end. So, the correct answer is "begin and end your presentation with motivating context". I did not think of that the first time.
I involved spatial reasoning in deriving the answer. My logic was a bit unorthodox, compared to Coursera's explanation. But it is all
good. I cleared the persistent hurdle between me and a 100%.

I encountered at least one new problem each re-take. Being able to get them all correct tells me that I DID get something away from 
this week's course contents.


Question 2
Please see video Making Your Data Story Come Alive for a review about story elements.

Question 3
Please see video Storyboarding Your Presentation to review what those components are.

Question 4
Please see video Storyboarding Your Presentation to review the correct answer and its rationale.

Question 5
Please see video Overgeneralization and Sample Bias to review what leads to and prevents this logical fallacy.

Question 6
Please see video Overgeneralization and Sample Bias to review what leads to and prevents this logical fallacy.

#Commentary:
The fallacy is over-generalization (or hasty generalization). The analyst was making a claim based on limited evidence, 
rather than statistics that is more in line with typical or average population. Ideally, the analyst could have asked more probing 
questions to understand the various business aspects, especially the aspect customers with lower IDs were those who had been with the 
company the longest. Because the analyst was not aware of this critical business aspect and ran the experiment on the first 1000 
customer IDs. This is making a claim on limited evidence that does not reflect the average population.

There is some kind of control here: customers who received the advertisements vs. customers who did not receive the advertisements.

Question 8
Please see video How Correlations Impact Business Decisions to review how correlations impact business decisions.

Question 9
See video Choosing Visualizations for Story Points to review why certain charts are effective or not effective in business presentations.

Question 10
Please see video The Neuroscience of Visual Perception can Make or Break your Visualization to review how differences 
in what humans can perceive should be taken into consideration in your visualizations.

Question 11
Please see video Misinterpretations Caused by Colorbars to review how colorbars can be misleading.

Question 12
Go to video Visual Contrast Directs where Your Audience Looks to review how to format your graphs to tell a data story.

Question 13
Please see video Formatting Slides to Communicate Data Stories to review the concept of data-ink.

Question 14
Please see video Formatting Slides to Communicate Data Stories to review the concept of data-ink.

Question 15
Please see video Delivering your Data Story to review effective methods for presenting a data story.

Quiz #4
1. The hourglass model is a framework for structuring effective business presentations.
Which of the following is NOT part of the hourglass model? Choose all that apply.

Answer: A 30-60 second presentation of the “big picture” of the problem you are trying to solve, A complete description of all the 
analyses you tried, Statement of the benefits that will result based on your recommendations

Comments: Begin your presentation with your agenda and end with a story. Correct!
The model resebles an hourglass because it suggets that you start your presentation with the big pciture, narrow in to some details, 
and then come back out to the big picture again at the end of the presentation. Many people forget this last step, but it is very
important, because the first and last things you say are things your auience is most likely to remember, and are in the things
that are most likely to leave a lasting impact.


2. Beginning your business presentation in the middle of the plot of a motivational story can sometimes be an effective way 
to lead into your business recommendation.

3. The storyboarding process includes:

4. According to the psychology literature, if the business recommendation you are going to make in a business presentation 
is likely to be controversial, you should order the stem of your presentation hourglass so that the:

Answers:
Comments: Steps for Storyboarding: Organize them in the most compelling order about your recommendation. If it is controversial
Start with least controversial (people are most likely to agree if you get them saying “yes” first

5.The logical fallacy of overgeneralization can be avoided by removing outliers and rows with missing data.
Answer: True
Comment: You assume that what you see in your data set would be representative of a larger group.This can also occur when you have a 
ton of missing data in columns/rows that are you using for your analysis.

6. To test whether a certain advertising campaign would work, an analytics team sorts their customer list from lowest to 
highest customer ID number, and then sends their advertisement to the first 1000 customers on the list. 
The rest of the customers did not receive any advertisements that week. When analyzing the results of the campaign one week later, 
the analytics team realized that there was a previously unknown pattern in the customer ID numbers: 
the lower the customer number, the longer the person had been a customer. Thus, the customers who received 
the advertisement were the individuals who had been customers with the company the longest. 
The analytics team decided the test was invalid and needed to be repeated. 
The reason for their decision was that analyzing the results in their current form would result in the following logical fallacy
(or fallacies):

Answer: Over-generalization
Comment: The fallacy is over-generalization (or hasty generalization). 

7. When two variables are correlated, one variable does not cause the other variable.

Answer: True
Comment: Always be wary of drawing causation conclusions

8. The best way to understand the nature of a relationship between two variables is to run a test.

Answer: True
Comment: The only way to confirm is to run an experiment using the scientific method. One common method is A/B testing

9. Which charts should you NOT use often in business presentations? Choose all that apply.
Answer: 3D charts
Comments: Bar,Line,Pie,Scatterplots

10. When you want to represent very detailed and nuanced information about continuous variables, given humans’ ability to perceive
relative differences along different kinds of visual attributes, which of the following attributes should you exploit in your 
visualizations? Choose the best 2 options.

Answer: position, length
Comments: Humans have a clear hierchy of how accurate we are at perceiving physical differences. We are great at seeing differences 
in position or length, but not that good at color or hue.


11. If you are in a situation where you MUST use colorbars to represent detailed information about a continuous variable, you should:
Answer: use a gray scale that goes from black to white. (guess)
Comments: Most color bars unit do not equal one unit of value change.
Jana’s tips: Do NOT use color to convey detailed quantitative differences in the values of continuous variables. DO use colors to 
illustrate general patterns and code for different categories of categorical variables. Or to Draw attention to something

12. Visualizations for persuasion should: (Choose all that apply)
Answer:direct your audience’s eyes to the precise points of the data that support your argument,show selected pieces of data, show the
visualizations in an order that helps your audience evaluate the options clearly.

Comments: When you are presenting the data you have already identified what you want the viewer to look at. Use visual contrast to 
direct the viewers eyes. Don’t just use different colors but use contrast.

13. Which of the following reflect(s) the principles of maximizing the data-ink ratio? Choose all that apply.

Answer: Making the scales and labels of the graph easy to read,Including a bar at the bottom of the slide to indicate how far 
along you are in your presentation 
Comment: Use the rule of thirds for transition slides, put text and images along the lines instead of centered.
Data slides should be front and center

14.  It’s a good idea to apply the rule of thirds to: (Choose all that apply)

15. Effective presentation techniques include:

16. A hospital was having problems with the amount of time employees with direct care responsibilities were absent from work.
Due to the high levels of absenteeism, patient satisfaction was declining, 20% of patient-related work was not getting done, 
and 47% of non-patient work was not getting done. At the advice of a consulting company, the hospital implemented a positive 
incentive system that would allow all employees to convert up to 24 hours of unused sick time into additional pay or more vacation
days in order to reduce absenteeism. After 6 months of implementing the program, the hospital analysts calculated that absentee
rates declined an average of 11.5 hours per employee, and concluded that the program was successful in this company. 
Did the hospital analysts commit any logical fallacies when arriving at their conclusion, and if so, which fallacy (or fallacies)?
--> Lack of controls 

Answer: Lack of Control. Correct!

Commentary:
The key question is here: the analyst ran the experiment without a control group. If an experiment is ran indiscriminately over a 
population, you cannot conclude exactly what factors are causing the outcome you see. There might be factors in the population that, 
even if you do not run the experiment, would still cause the observed outcome. So, the logical fallacy is "lack of control".

The analyst could have done the following to avoid making the logical fallacy "lack of control": randomly select a group of employees to
give out the incentive. This is the experimental group. Employees who are not offered the incentive is the control group. After six 
months, compare the attendance rates of the experimental group and control group. However, if the difference in attendance rates between 
the control group and experiment group is not strong enough or there is no difference, then, the increase in attendance rate in the 
experimental group is more likely to have been caused by factors other than the incentive program recommended by the analyst.

